[Intro]
[What influences your work as a designer?]
I love that a lot of texture and grit into my motion pieces.
It just gives it that tactile feel and makes it
[feel] like it was all done by hand and not generated from a computer.
It's a very round serif font that brings a lot of character
to certain designs.
I don't use a lot of serif fonts, I always gravitate to sans-serif ones,
but whenever I want to switch things up, New Spirit is always my go-to.
Well, I've always loved drawing and creating things.
I remember the first time I'd heard about graphic design
was around the seventh or eighth grade.
We had to do this project on careers,
where we took this online quiz,
00:00:52.159 -> 00:00:54.997
which asked us a whole bunch of questions pertaining to various jobs.
After the quiz was done, it generated a long list of possible jobs that
it thought best suited our personalities.
A graphic designer was high on my list and I've just pursued it ever since.